lightning: merge lightning trouble shooting into faq (#4660)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-faq.md

2. If the remote checksum is 0, which means nothing is imported, it is possible that the cluster is too hot and fails to take in any data.

3. If the data is mechanically generated, ensure it respects the constrains of the table:

    * `AUTO_INCREMENT` columns need to be positive, and do not contain the value "0".
    * The UNIQUE and PRIMARY KEYs must have no duplicated entries.

4. If TiDB Lightning has failed before and was not properly restarted, a checksum mismatch may happen due to data being out-of-sync.

**Solutions**:

1. Delete the corrupted data with via `tidb-lightning-ctl`, and restart Lightning to import the affected tables again.

    ```sh
    tidb-lightning-ctl --config conf/tidb-lightning.toml --checkpoint-error-destroy=all
    ```

2. Consider using an external database to store the checkpoints (change `[checkpoint] dsn`) to reduce the target database's load.

3. If TiDB Lightning was improperly restarted, see also the "[How to properly restart TiDB Lightning](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-faq.md#how-to-properly-restart-tidb-lightning)" section in the FAQ.

## `Checkpoint for … has invalid status:` (error code)

> **Cause**: [Checkpoint](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md) is enabled, and Lightning or Importer has previously abnormally exited. To prevent accidental data corruption, Lightning will not start until the error is addressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cause**: [Checkpoint](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md) is enabled, and TiDB Lightning or TiKV Importer has previously abnormally exited. To prevent accidental data corruption, Lightning will not start until the error is addressed.
```

> The error code is an integer less than 25, with possible values of 0, 3, 6, 9, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20 and 21. The integer indicates the step where the unexpected exit occurs in the import process. The larger the integer is, the later step where the exit occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error code is an integer smaller than 25, with possible values of 0, 3, 6, 9, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20, and 21. The integer indicates the step where the unexpected exit occurs in the import process. The larger the integer is, the later step the exit occurs at.
```
